~~~
	                                            ▎
	        _   __,   _  _  _▎_  __   _  _    __▎   __   __ 
	      ▎/ \_/  ▎  / ▎/ ▎  ▎  /  \_/ ▎/ ▎  /  ▎  /  \_/
	      ▎__/ \_/▎_/  ▎  ▎_/▎_/\__/   ▎  ▎_/\_/▎_/\__/ \___/
	     /▎ 
	     \▎ 
	                                                         ❡ 
~~~

vim-pantondoc
=============

vim-pantondoc provides pandoc support for vim (sans syntax highlighting, see
below). Originally, it was a rewrite of
[vim-pandoc](http://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc), featuring a more modular
design. As of commit c60e14e101f9192ab3b27e8dc24e176dbeaa2b10, vim-pantondoc is
considered to be in feature parity with vim-pandoc, and its use is sugested.

vim-pantondoc's design allows for better configurability and advanced pandoc
integration. Its aim is to provide an optimal document writing experience using
vim.

## IMPORTANT

* Requires vim 7.4 (makes use of the new python facilities).
* Doesn't provide syntax support. Use
[vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pandoc-syntax)
alongside this for that.


## Features (Implemented or Planed)

* Modular architecture. If you decide you don't want to use our folding rules,
  you can disable them without it affecting other parts of pantondoc. (I)
  Modules are simple to develop, too.
* Sets up a comfortable environment for editing prose, either for soft or hard
  wraps. (I)
* Can execute pandoc asynchronously, through the `:Pandoc` command, which can
  accept any argument pandoc takes. (I)
* `pantondoc` is a filetype plugin, but it can also attach itself to different
  filetypes, like textile or restructuredText. You are no logner limited to use
  pandoc with markdown. (I)
* Useful custom mappings for markdown writers (partially implemented). For
  example, we provide WYSIWYG-style style toggles for emphasis, strong text,
  subscripts, etc. (I, [suggestions are
  welcome.](https://github.com/vim-pandoc/vim-pantondoc/issues/2))
* Advanced folding support. (I)
* TOC functionality, using vim's quickfix system. (I)
* Expanded support for working with bibliographies. (I, partially) Aditional
  information on the bibliography items can be gathered from tooltips, where
  supported.
* Annotations: add metadata to your files (comments, TODOs, etc.) (P)
